Additional default latency buckets for spanmetrics (#1593)
grafana/tempo: CHANGELOG.md

        ephemeral_storage_limit_size: '11Gi',
      },
    }

> * [CHANGE] Wider default latency buckets for metrics-generator spanmetrics. [#1593](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1593) (@fredr)

Author: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Two additional default buckets added to the generated span metrics. This will add cardinality when using the default setting. [#1593](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1593) (@fredr)
```
Good point @kvrhdn, something like this maybe?

Author: I'll commit this change, let me know if you think I should phrase it differently.
